---
title: Secondary 1 Orientation & Parent Engagement 2024
permalink: /events/2024-school-events/sec-1-orientation-parents-engagement-2024/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: 2024 School Events
---
<p>We excitedly welcomed our newest members to the CCKS Family as they joined their seniors for the Start Right Programme where they were introduced to the school community, their form teachers, and their fellow classmates. Our enthusiastic Orientation Group Leaders (OGLs) from the Student Council took them under their wing and guided them through bonding games with their classmates, mealtimes with their form teachers and CCA tours. They even learnt a cool mass dance and loudly belted out the school cheer when their parents came down on Friday, 5 January, to cheer them on as they ‘graduated’ from orientation.</p><p>Our Sec 1 CCKSians certainly enjoyed their orientation as they enthusiastically participated in the bonding games organised for them to connect with their new classmates and form teachers. It was great to see our Sec 1 CCKSians working well together to solve challenges and celebrating their successes. Our OGLs were equally enthusiastic and kept energy levels and excitement high as they happily brought their young charges around the school and gave them advice during their CCA tour. The orientation ended on a high note with a groovy mass dance and a loud school cheer led by their OGLs. Our Sec 1 CCKSians were certainly very proud to showcase their moves in front of their parents.</p><p>We were also very heartened by the turnout from our Sec 1 parents as we welcomed them to an engagement session with the Sec 1 form teachers and our principal, Mr Cheng. It takes a village to raise a child, and we are extremely excited to partner our Sec 1 parents to raise our CCKSians. Quoting Mr Cheng, we will be stronger together!</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="749" width="1280" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQYFu504xXoheb1zPkQ6ZfOyDtZ_Qmmqpd6vRnOwU56pW16evQSEKK4L4Mn3JIsqg/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><p></p>