---
title: Start Right Programme 2024
permalink: /events/2024-school-events/start-right-programme-2024/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: 2024 School Events
---
<p>There was an air of excitement as CCKSians walked through the school gates on 2 January 2024 as they knew that they would be spending some of the time in Week 1 to start things right for the year ahead. CCKSS’ signature Start Right Programme creates a conducive environment which acclimatises CCKSians to academic and character routines whilst providing time and space for teacher-student bonding. It is something that CCKSians look forward to when they start a new academic year. The Start Right Week also allows our Principal, Mr Cheng, to set the school tone right and for key personnel to share important updates and instil academic and behavioural routines.</p><p>In CCKSS, we believe that Starting Right means starting well academically and having the right attitude for school. HODs and YHs take the time to brief students on academic and classroom routines that would help them make the most out of their classroom lessons. Positive character development is also emphasised through talks by the Student Management Team on behavioural expectations that would create a positive school environment. Our Sec 4s and 5s were also scheduled to visit the Polytechnic Open House to help them better understand their post-secondary options so they could start right by setting clear and achievable goals to work towards, so that they can enter courses of their choice.</p><p>Start Right also organises a series of bonding activities to foster better relationships so that rapport is easily built. The games also give students a chance to reconnect with their teachers and friends and for newly formed Sec 3 classes to get to know each other. The Sec 4s and 5s had a blast building sandcastles and taking part in an Amazing Race at East Coast Park while the Sec 3s played a series of team-building games. The Sec 2s engaged in an exciting Domino challenge where they worked together to build cascading domino displays with advice from their form teachers.</p><p>These activities helped ease CCKSians back into school routines and by Thursday and Friday, they were eagerly ready for lessons to begin.</p><p></p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="389" width="640" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSVMbMYUcO7D8RFqSWQO2cgP-WXR8tmhbkGgAl9uLVJdJToBUhx59kZPoqU9IDueA/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><p></p><p></p>