---
title: School Vision, Mission and Values
permalink: /about-us/school-information/vision-mission-values/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Information
---
<h3>VISION</h3><p>CCKSians with Future-ready Mindsets and Empathetic Hearts who Act Responsibly</p><h3>MISSION</h3><p>A Positive Environment that Empowers CCKSians to Thrive and Contribute</p><h3>VALUES</h3><p>Respect</p><p>Resilience</p><p>Integrity</p><p>Care</p><p>Enterprise</p><p></p><hr><h4><u>Vision</u></h4><p><strong>CCKSians with Future-ready Mindsets and Empathetic Hearts who Act Responsibly</strong></p><p>When students graduate from the school, they will be:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Adaptable CCKSians with agency who seek opportunities for growth</p></li><li><p>Compassionate CCKSians who show consideration for others</p></li><li><p>Ethical CCKSians who do what is right and contribute to the community</p></li></ul><h4><u>Mission</u></h4><p><strong>A Positive Environment that Empowers CCKSians to Thrive and Contribute</strong></p><p>The school aims to build a safe and inclusive environment which ensures the holistic well-being and growth of students. Students will be equipped with relevant knowledge, values and skills to enable them to fulfill their potential and achieve their goals. Students will be inspired to contribute to the community.</p><p></p><h4><u>Values</u></h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Value</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Definitions</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Respect</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>I treat others the way I want others to treat me.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Resilience</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>I persevere and adapt to challenges.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Integrity</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>I know, I do and I uphold what is right.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Care</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>I speak and act with kindness and compassion.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Enterprise</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>I seek and seize opportunities to grow.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p>